Your ten martial arts masters
In my eyes, it's just a creation
I finished them
You are next.
Mr. Ye asked me to wait for someone to shoot
No need, this is the hatred between me and the Xiao family
Solve it yourself
Hahaha Xiao Lingtian
You really think you're invincible, don't you?
Just because you want to worship my great master?
fool
Cut the crap
You go to bed, give it to me
The great masters have all been defeated
Who says salespeople are trash?
Just this strength
Why is it also under the Lord of God?
The Lin family is really blind
Don't even need this dragon beard
Yes, Miss Tang has good eyesight.
No one dares to bully Miss Tang from now on
Now it's your turn.
Master, I was fooled by Lord Shenzhou
Don't you dare touch me
My stupid place
A woman who likes to bully me
I will make you pay today
Jet Zhao, I won't let you go
Qinglong, you still don't put it in your book
My little protoss lord's order
This young master is a VIP guest of Lord Protoss
I must make this clear
To be severely punished
My stupid brother
You still think that the Lord of God is your backer
Tell him who I am
See the Lord God